As I walked out on one morning for pleasure, I spied a cowpuncher all riding along.
His head was thrown back and his birds were
Your misfortune and none of my own.
Hoopie-tie-yi-yo, get along the little dogeys.
You know that Wyoming will be your new home.
It's early in the spring that we round up the dogeys.
We mark them and brand them and bob off their tails.
We round up the horses, load up the joys.
the little dogeys out on the long trail.
Oopi-tai-yi-yo, get along, little dogeys.
It's your misfortune and none of my own.
You know that Wyoming will be your new home.
Now some boys go up the trail for pleasure, but that's where they get it most awfully wrong.
For you haven't any idea the trouble they give us as we go a-driving the dogies along.
Hoopi-tai-yi-yo, get along, little dogeys, it's your misfortune and none of my own.
Hoopi-tai-yi-yo, get along, little dogeys, you know that Wyoming will be your new home.
Your mother was raised away down in Texas where the gymson weed and the sand birds grow.
But now we will feel you won't breakly enjoy you till you are ready for Idaho.
Upi-tai-ya-yo, get along a little dogies, it's your misfortune and none of my own.
Upi-tai-yo, get along a little dogies, it's your misfortune and none of my own.
Upi-tai-yo, get along a little dogies,